docs: TIB 1.7.1 release notes (#1853)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: developer-support/release-notes/tib.mdx

---
title: "Tyk Identity Broker Release Notes"
description: "Release notes documenting updates, enhancements, and changes for Tyk Identity Broker versions within the 1.6.x series."

> keywords: "Tyk Identity Broker, Release notes, changelog, v1.6, 1.6.1, 1.7.1"

Reviewer: Keyword inconsistency other versions use a `v`-prefixed key (e.g. `v1.6`). Consider adding `v1.7` alongside `1.7.1` here for consistency: `..., v1.7, 1.7.1`.

## 1.7 Release Notes

### 1.7.1 Release Notes

> #### Release Date xx April 2026

Author: Date Missing

> #### Release Date xx April 2026

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Release Date 20th April 2026
```

#### Release Highlights

> In this release, we fixed some CVEs and updated Tyk Identity Broker (TIB) to Go 1.25 for enhanced security and performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this release, we have updated Tyk Identity Broker (TIB) to Golang 1.25 for enhanced security and performance.
```

For a comprehensive list of changes, please refer to the detailed [changelog](#Changelog-v1.7.1) below.

#### Breaking Changes

This release has no breaking changes.

#### Dependencies

##### 3rd Party Dependencies & Tools

> | Third Party Dependency                                     | Tested Versions        | Compatible Versions    | Comments | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Third Party Dependency                                     | Tested Versions        | Compatible Versions    |
```

> | :---------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------- | :---------------------- | :-------- | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| :---------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------- | :---------------------- | 
```

> | [GoLang](https://go.dev/dl/)                               | 1.25       | 1.25       | All our binaries |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [GoLang](https://go.dev/dl/)                               | 1.25       | 1.25       | 
```

> | [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community)  | 5.x, 6.x, 7.0 | 4.4.x, 5.x, 6.x and 7.0.x | Used by Tyk Identity Broker |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community)  | 5.x, 6.x, 7.0 | 4.4.x, 5.x, 6.x and 7.0.x | 
```

> | [Redis](https://redis.io/download/)         | 6.x - 7.0        | 6.x - 7.0            | Used by Tyk Identity Broker |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Redis](https://redis.io/download/)         | 6.x - 7.0        | 6.x - 7.0            | 
```

Given the time difference between your upgrade and the release of this version, we recommend customers verify the ongoing support of third-party dependencies they install, as their status may have changed since the release.

#### Deprecations
There are no deprecations in this release.

#### Upgrade instructions
For users currently on v1.7.0, we strongly recommend promptly upgrading to the latest release. If you are working with an older version (lower major), it is advisable to bypass version 1.7.0 and proceed directly to this latest patch release.
<br/>
Go to the [Upgrading Tyk](#upgrading-tyk) section for detailed upgrade Instructions.

#### Downloads
- [Docker image to pull](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-identity-broker/tags?name=1.7.1)
  ```
  docker pull tykio/tyk-identity-broker:v1.7.1
  ```
- source code tarball for oss projects - [TIB v1.7.1](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-identity-broker/releases/tag/v1.7.1)

#### Changelog
<a id="Changelog-v1.7.1" data-scroll-offset></a>

##### Changed
<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title='Updated Go version to 1.25'>

> The Tyk Dashboard has been updated to Golang 1.25, improving security by staying up-to-date with Go versions.

Reviewer: Copy-paste error: this says "The Tyk Dashboard has been updated" but should say "Tyk Identity Broker" since this is the TIB release notes.

</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>

##### Security Fixes

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title='CVE fixed'>

> Addressed the following CVEs, providing increased protection against security

Reviewer 2: Has Asutosh confirmed whether we should list out this detail?

vulnerabilities, including, but not limited to:

- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-33186" target="_blank">CVE-2026-33186</a>

> - <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-47913" target="_blank">CVE-2025-47913</a>

Reviewer 3: @JoanCamosTyk We'll need to remove this(CVE-2025-47913). It's automatically fixed by version bump, but this specific one never had an impact, so better to leave this out.

> - <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-33186" target="_blank">CVE-2026-33186</a

Reviewer: Malformed HTML missing closing `>` on the anchor tag. Should be `</a>` not `</a`. Same issue on line 81.

- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-33487" target="_blank">CVE-2026-33487</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-32285" target="_blank">CVE-2026-32285</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-22868" target="_blank">CVE-2025-22868</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-30204" target="_blank">CVE-2025-30204</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2024-45338" target="_blank">CVE-2024-45338</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-10543" target="_blank">CVE-2025-10543</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-22870" target="_blank">CVE-2025-22870</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-22872" target="_blank">CVE-2025-22872</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-27144" target="_blank">CVE-2025-27144</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-47911" target="_blank">CVE-2025-47911</a>

> - <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2025-47914" target="_blank">CVE-2025-47914</a>

Reviewer 3: This (CVE-2025-47914) is also similar to CVE-2025-47913, so might be better to leave it out.
